escort
from the district it sounds like that they listen to me
marsalis few of them more stale
Central America represented the school as
a memory masterplan that makes us
in Cuba to respect the roots of the
school I do not know how to be a grandmother
that is born on the street out there
radiant of the dead by music
home that you already can Forniés mario
see the area of ​​the paper on the line is
problem next those who are taken
stage is rap as social struggle capi
It is not convenient to remember cavendish
sound with a vinyl like the first one
could
and it was clear the rap is respected brother
and I carry them in my hands with a lot of gauze
a classic sound that's why it's in the
blood in my body
the getafe
I do not know if he will be here if he is back on
sound I do not know the essence of still
in a 1 and I only have years of past
past but the black will feel more than 40
years of history for nothing are in vain
is the low boom and that the music that
He said
gray
efe
you're back and we're legs today
hammers that we look forward to
ninetys that this sound is maintained
classic that in many years is still
Something happens if you are money in between
we are not from this school the shit is
keeps as it will be fleeting because
we seek to be a classic of the full ones
of which we are fans
32 h
is in the house from the district xi here
in san luis and doing our game
if the cream is in the house of hitler
no longer